we're going to cross now to West
Jerusalem ABD hammed we're going to
speak about us defense secretary Lloyd
Austin in town who we just heard from
and H so Austin following hot in the
hills of the US Secretary of State and
uh bringing pretty much the same
message yes bringing exactly the same
message actually for uh Secretary of
Defense also reiterating that uh he
thinks that Hamas is a equal to Isis and
he said that in his experience he
actually thinks that Hamas is worse than
isil but then the core of the message
would be the INE equivocal support to
Israel uh he met with his uh counterpart
Israeli uh Minister of Defense you are
Galant they talked about more military
aid uh there should be a plane carrying
more munition that should touch down uh
in Tel Aviv anytime soon today uh so
certainly ramping up all the support
that the US could give uh to uh Israel
now at just a short while ago also the
European commissioner Ursula vanan has a
touched down in Tel Aviv uh she's also
going to meeting with senior Israeli
officials but her position is not very
different than the um us position even
though within the European Union uh
there are certain members who have
different position when it comes to
support to the Palestinians inside Gaza
and to support to the Palestinians uh
out to financial support to the
Palestinians in general hard a little
bit earlier we're talking about some
news of reports of rockets in the north
any
further well we did hear from the
Israeli Army that did confirm that a
longer range uh missile was uh fired
from Gaza the aash 250 as Hamas calls it
but had been intercepted near the town
of safad which ironically is also the
hometown of Palestinian Authority
president Mahmud Abbas um there were
also several alerts uh throughout the
last hour or so they are ongoing we know
that one rocket landed in an empty field
but set a big uh fire there um so at the
moment the people in the north are
advised to stay inside shelters I have
to also say that actually that is the
furthest point inside Israel uh that was
targeted uh since all of this started
nearly a week ago all right to leave it
there for the moment thanks very much Al
reporting thank you